Simplify docs around Chair election, roles, and responsibilities (#432)
ossf/tac: elections/tac-and-scir-election-process.md

## TAC Chair and Vice Chair Election

After the results of the community elections and Governing Board appointments are announced, the TAC members will elect a [Chair and a Vice Chair](/process/tac-member-R&Rs.md#tac-chair).

> The TAC Chair nomination period shall commence as soon as new TAC members are seated (typically, at the beginning of the year) and shall conclude at the end of the first TAC meeting of the year.

Author: @ossf/tac — I've edited this section to reflect what we're currently in the process of doing, as opposed to the one week for nominations and one week for votes.

Happy to revert that piece, but calling it out, as it's a decision point that merits discussion.

Reviewer: This is fine with me but I have to say that we've got to do better at following whatever process we have. This hasn't been the case unfortunately. We just can't keep changing our documentation to match what we did just because we ignored our documented process. It's fine to change our process of course but it's got to be intentional.

Reviewer 2: We still did take ~1 week for nominations (it was relatively informal) prior to the Jan 7 TAC meeting, and are taking 1 week for voting. So, I actually don't think that's changed. And we won't be concluding this year's election by the first TAC meeting, but I'm ok with bounding the timeframe for the election to the second TAC meeting. The biggest change I see is the involvement of OSSF staff this year. In the past, voting was done "internally" within the TAC.

Author: > And we won't be concluding this year's election by the first TAC meeting [...]

@marcelamelara — just a point of clarification, the proposed text says that:

> The TAC Chair _nomination_ period [...] shall conclude at the end of the first TAC meeting of the year.

i.e., nominations need to be in by the end of the first meeting so that we can complete elections ahead of the second meeting

I'll refine the language a bit more based on the other feedback.

Reviewer 2: Ah! Thanks for clarifying, I misread that. I'm do worry that bounding nominations to the first TAC meeting may end up giving the new TAC only a couple of days (depending on the meeting schedule), but I'm generally still ok with saying that the TAC _SHOULD_ aim to complete the chair/vice-chair election process by the second TAC meeting of the year.

> The TAC Chair nomination period shall commence as soon as new TAC members are seated (typically, at the beginning of the year) and shall conclude at the end of the first TAC meeting of the year.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The TAC Chair nomination period shall commence as soon as new TAC members are elected (typically, around the beginning of the year) and shall conclude at the end of the first TAC meeting of the year.
```

Minor: to me, "seated" means when the new TAC meets for the first meeting of the year, whereas nominations can start as soon as the election results are announced.

> OpenSSF staff will coordinate the election process and results will be announced soon after all votes have been cast.

Reviewer 4: I think we should add (back) a bit more detail and a concrete timeline to this aspect of the process. For instance, stating that the election period is 1 week, starting after the conclusion of the nomination phase / the end of the first TAC meeting. This adds clarity to the process (helps staff) and is in fact in alignment with the currently documented process and what we decided to do this year.

Reviewer 4: In line with my comment above, I suggest to add a concrete timeline for the voting period. The suggestion here is 1 week, as it is also currently documented.

```suggestion
The voting period is 1 week, starting immediately after the conclusion of the nomination period. OpenSSF staff will coordinate the election process and results will be announced soon after all votes have been cast.
```
